---
title: "The Rescue"
date: 2022-03-26
---

*Excerpt from [Gwen's Journal](/tales-of-tamriel/journal-gwen-taloet/) dated
the 26rd of First Seed.*

----

Today I write from beside the campfire. I have no idea where we actually are,
only that we are somewhere in Skyrim's frozen tundra. It is almost beyond me
to describe how we came to this place. Still, I write.

Barely two days ago a guard in town approached me for help. It was such a
simple request - to help him find a lost dog - it would have been absurd to
deny him. He betrayed me. When we were alone, far from the town, a group of
vampires emerged from the wood to capture me. My memory is empty after that
point.

The next thing I remember was waking in a dark chamber. It must have been
underground. More vampires emerged from the darkness. They took my sword while
I slept. They-

I cannot describe it in detail. They hurt me. They broke my body and hurt me
and I cannot even remember for how long. I will not dwell on this.

At some point - I do not know when - they moved me into a different room. I
remember seeing my new friends - the ones from Dragon's Bridge - there to
rescue me. The vampires did something to me. They forced me into a vision of
some kind. Their leader *bit* me and they did some sort of magick which I do
not understand. From there, my memory is blank again.

That brings us to now. I remember waking. I remember *needing* to eat and
draining an elk of every drop of its blood. And I remember waking to the voices
of my friends. I don't know exactly what they were saying, but I'm certain I
heard Israr speaking through the window. And Mal. Mal who understood what had
happened perhaps better than any of the others. I believe something of what
happened has upset Martin. Perhaps I offended him in some way. They were all
there though. They came for me, and they've cared for me, and I will not forget
it.

Nevertheless, I mourn. I have never felt so distant from the Far Shores as I do
now.




